all right guys my first time playing as
the plague champion in a very long time
right now going to do some 1 V ones
against inura I am actually online and
that's intentional this time because I
am looking for games so we'll see how it
fares we're on a really big map here oh
I need to start out my army colors as
well it really annoys me not having
specific army colors I'm going to have
to do that after this game
yeah we're on a super big map here it's
green tooth jungle Redux and that's a
bit of a
[Music]
problem so anyway we're we're facing
tyranid right
now so we have to keep our Heretics
quite close together or they're going to
get wrecked ready etal rest
NOA the
requisition
okay it's fine we have powered
overa here
in
je so you don't Doom
blast okay now I'm going to Doom blast
cuz he tried to
flee we will take it go go now we will
take
it and then I rotate these here for the
glory ofos
viory point be
ours see
the use what col you can kill anything
that
moves you give ground to the
enemy go for fast havocs
the speed of the nids is obviously a bit
of a
problem it is
our eliminate
every your
[Music]
for he's going to get on him fck sake I
should have said up a bit more
defensively
there fulfill your
command
okay going for WFTS that's
fine just going to bleed them over here
your un for
[Music]
Comm drive back these
he is not setting
up all right well we killed him at
least but I was a little bit slow on
everything else
it's fine we're going to go for
ftor
eventually chaos for the
gods pretty big win really to kill the
the lior there let's see if we can get a
model off these that would be
huge no unfortunately not oh
well yeah no models oh we got one model
oh we got one that's all right
ening rest move
EXC oh what they got a model kill there
that's a
joke No Rest nor we move
excellent your forces
unet
me ground the Enemy Fight
harder let's move
your units for
f keep
[Music]
M come Warriors of chaos the enemy seeks
to destroy one of your
generators Noy
okay that's not too
bad go for the Decap come
on attack
attack take the
victory use what use what col you
can
we use the under for cover going set
them up over
here the power of the chaos guards
your
force fight
thein we must recruit
nice I got them over
here no rest
no
shall a [__] we're not watching our
micro is not good enough one of our
generators is under
attack eliminate every
our Temple's dark Majesty grows with our
power use the under
for the ey Terror we come to
K your all right we need the for sure
[Music]
to
cover
second there you go the champion leads
us his R shall be
glorious wasted their little jump
there is slipping away
[Music]
be those
to a stronger
position
possession don't think I'll get the cap
there got for ma of
[Music]
in I got
it forces obey
you do not lose your
[Music]
acquisition all right we want CPM next
we also want a dreadn but we don't
really have the resources for
that ready un
[Music]
kill you be my
moving
moving shall Crush all
[Music]
all the great
Gods right so Raptors can take the flank
here no rest
no
we when the time comes your forces
be what the hell zinch Marines are you
going to
fire hat shall be death
en
has I still lot of
Blade keep moving
[Music]
lost my SE
seriously the champion has come lead
the the
Abomination
invis
sneaky we will have enough to go for the
dreadn so that's what we'll
do and destroy
[Music]
go kind of just feeding the XP to be
honest yeah
[Music]
warri
disch Servants of the
dark Mak hurt
you
shall how are these guys so low on HP
but like full of
model it is yours now you are losing us
a victory
Point let us War
without
moving move GL ofos
we the
Abomination I mean I think I got it even
if he's tier three how's he going to
deal with the dreadnut well you got a
form back unless he's got a swarm
Lord maybe he's got a swarm
mod we have called our bra give us
more cuz he didn't get much in tier two
we definitely would expect him to be
tier
three
the I think he's left
but yeah I think that went pretty good I
like this build I like to get the black
grenades normally but this map was kind
of huge so it's a big advantage to the
nids makes it very hard to go for black
grenades so it's a bit of a strange one
didn't really feel like I had the
opportunity to grab it the Havoc didn't
do too much but he went a really weird
build normally you see Warriors and use
the Havoc to Zone bab Strangler Warriors
so what I think I might do actually in
future is I might wait to see what they
go for
cuz he went for double harms and all
that and a pretty you know pretty
[__] unusual build
really um maybe it's better to just go
for double
ticks more gens sort of thing I don't
know you want more units out there the
nids already aren maneuver you well if
you get double AC ticks you're probably
chilling but yeah these guys the zinch
Marines they're pretty insane
really you know you get these all the
upgrades the plasma gun on the Asar
Champion it becomes pretty ridiculous
and they really struggle to kill
the the dreadnut as
well cuz there's no AV think about his
AV obviously they don't have scaling AV
options in terms of Lan and that sort of
thing so yeah pretty I'm pretty
confident that that's a good matchup for
the
PC I probably should have gone fast
double AC tick um and then you just get
fast Raptors instead of the havocs
because of the fact that he didn't go
for warriors now if he had Warriors
that's where the the havocs are really
good cuz Warriors come out a lot quicker
than
raveners so if you wait for Raptors you
can be quite far behind and obviously
Warriors are a bit stronger in melee
than raveners as well so Raptors don't
really counter them so you get the Havoc
out counters the Warriors nicely and it
comes out fast just like the Warriors so
that can be pretty
nice but yeah I'm I'm I'm happy with
that happy with it
[Music]
okay we're at again we're going to play
a bit more of this PC against inura he's
actually random
so it's awkward I don't know what I'm
fighting here which is rarely ideal what
I'm going to do here is we're going to
send these ticks down the
bottom I always like to blob matics
early since they are the weakest unit in
the game if they encounter any melee
they're going to
suffer but the nice plus side is they're
the cheapest unit in the game right so
getting two of them out early oh he's at
it again are you [__] kidding me all
right we'll punish him this time cuz we
are here
yeah come
on oh we don't want to fight
though your forces
are
fine don't think that was worth it for
himesh warriors disat
your that's
okay bit late there on my gen that was
PA
right uh
this is awkward all right we're going to
go for an
AC I messed up my timings pretty bad
there but that's
okay Speedy needs be Speedy so we have
to get another gen
now it's
fine going to disengage we're going to
run away
Heretics can deal with
that and you can get out and fight
them one of our generators is under
attack
that's
fine yeah what's he
doing not a lot it seems okay warriors
cool we're all right here to Pok when
near the AC
ticks forces
okay
fine oh spawn
mines that's
funny from there we can one our building
kill
them I
spreer with every
step oh I missed the Doom blast
and
here is
away double
hus a
themselves in
comat the
res
back my
en get him get him get him get him get
him
o not God damn
it w of Fire
en to destroy
your
okay yeah blow up your own gens that's
fine
[Music]
your about them
it is ours for taking away from this
place
grandfather
[Music]
your back around
ready
kill those
use
[Music]
power a not quite
I think we got something
there okay t two spash this and then get
out of that
[Music]
moving rotate him down
there really
Zone seems a bit
strange but
okay
spre
viory them
cap kill them up
all there we go
We
R really seriously thank
you we
[Music]
must and he's not paying attention
under attack prare
[Music]
the keep
moving keep
moving that was a lot of bleed to be
honest
Warriors
dispatched forces oby youning
the sa rises from these RS
you will be killed by
traitor's you Victory
Point get it
[Music]
our shoot
them got it
a and he
surrenders not too bad it's always
tricky I want the CPM but I also want
the dreadnut the dreadnut would have
lined up well with the power since I
didn't get Bash Too Much there it's a
pretty good match up black grenades are
very strong
[Music]
a